fjfjffjkkkdkkjjjjjjjjkkllljkll;;'';;'';;'';;''a'a'ss;s;;s''a'a''qffjjjdkdkkkkklklkjjkljklqqwweertyyjzxc,mvn,zmxcvnnnnmmmvmmbaabaavavavabababbabavavavaavavababnnnnnnnnnavavabababaavavazxcvzxcvzxcvbbnnbabababavavaababavababaabavannnnmmnmnmnmnm,,..//..,,..//;;;llkkkfdjsfkasldfjsldkfjlskdjflkjadksfqpwoeqiwepoipoqweioipqowiepoasdfjlkdfjlasjcvn,mnldsfjlkdfjqpoewirpq123asdfqwerpoiasdflkjzxcv,mnasdflkjweroipfjiijijijijafafafafaaasdffaffagagagagagagagaafasdfgasdfghijklgaagagagaffghiklkmnopqrstuvwxyz.ba. adf.. a..,,..,mmmnnnnmm,asdmfndsfn use the dtestmp of the file to prtition the notes
w completed step 2 of the CreateVueApp
n use  double fold for the curtain blanket to achieve absolute darkness
n figure out a wy to remove the chromebook bluelight
td put some nails for the window curtain in the middle
[l an every day has its ownoneletter notes



td spill less water on paper
td be more careful about spilling water onto pper
o i yawn when i type on the macbook without being able to see
correct creating these personal computing shortcuts
correct
correct not using shift keys or periods or capitals
co
correct a move forward iteration approach ,the past is remembered, but it is not ctively studied, and it is not sought out. rather it is used to inform the future. every iteration improves on the previous. this methodology cna be applied to coding, life, pretty much everything - itertive improvement of remembering what was wrong, and trying to do better the next time, but not ctually looking at the past ... the look up hs to be easy to access. If the looup involves me, sorting through myriad pieces of paper, I don't think that's a good ide t all. It just feels tiring, cumbersome, and pointless, because my energies ren't ctively focused.

config oneletter notes should be extended with one word notes ala  'conf', 'plan', win''correct',
config if the line ends on a comma, the comma should be replaced with a period

log my eyes are not really improving, and I used them a little bit too much on the computer agin today. I keep waking up in the middle of the night for some reason ... nd I don't know why.  is it because of Jinfei and ahjie? wht is the reasn/ i don't know... even now, at around nine pm, i still feel a little bit of a throb in my eyes. i don't know. it seems that my eyes are going ot be like this for awhile. what i do know is that i have to track it. the days go by really quickly. who knows how long it will extend forward.
td

t
td i absolutely need to get maylynn's gift tomorrow
config cpitalize maylynn, .... uh ... meh .. i suno ssd  dn
ttd
tdr
rd  these noteseach day can represent a json. perhaps these notes represent the final evolution of the way that i tke notes ... how i have evolved since 2012 which is why i really becme a fanatic about taking the data of notes.
td blink a lot.
td ask mm about how to make that pork belly recipe.
o i often procrastinate on the first instance of a new item -  for example using the wok for the first time, nd these websites ... nd i guess even 'tlking'

r=



d=''td

ttd maylynn t shirt gift
tttd changing phone number
ttd check bnk of americ balance, and trnsfer some money ffrom vanguard
td check charles schwab and chase bank as well
td
tdd

td no computer after lunch ... nd also, when using the computermake sure you hit the goals of doing things in batches.
tf

o the jewish people  pray every single day
config change double spaces into single spaces with a replace
 success i am getting much faster at making vscode extensions
success i thin the global mapping extension is very cool
o find and replace is really just an element of regex

 ttttttt------------777



fjfjfjjfjjfjfjfjjfjf fjjfjfjallksdfkljqweriiiiii





ttdtdtdtdtdtdtdtdfjfjfjjftdtdd tdjtjdtd

m sugar plus carbonated drink cuses  mess

aasfasdf
config add always and never and todo to the onewordnotes
alwa
config alwa should be mapped to always

alwamute the data map advertisement
m extremely hot water on feet bath causes scalding feet burn
o jinfei and ahjie are actually pretty easygoing
config capitalize jinfei ahjie new york
o themagic of computing is the insane leverage of patterns
config make the tdd to the very start of the priority list
q how do i print this stuff out and more importantly, when do i read itperhaps i can use the amazon thing, to have it be read back to me in an audio recording ...

success added the tape tthing to the computer to blank the light
config add save to the list

o total darness still hasn't been obtained in the bedroom

i think my eyes are just going to be like this
w i wonder how many spelling mistakes there are


w wonderabout when chenhua ... dn
capitalize chendn
capitalize chenffffhua
config ffff between a word is a space
o i have a very laizze faire approach with how i generate new rules. it's almost like everthing is okay, as long as it adheres to the pattern.


aassdasdfasdfasdfsa fjfjfjfjajfjjfasdf asdfjh kjhadskfjasdjfhasjdf qwqw ffjj qw poo poqw poqwpqow fjdfjqwpofjqpofjqpofj

fff

function letternotesfffjj qww


fffde;ete

config fff... fff delete should be replaced at the start and also fff should be at the very start, and you know it is concluded if it is matched with a jjj



fff

def letternotesfffjj;
  f
fffdelete
